README.md, before:


# Hashnode CLI

Wanted to get [hashnode](https://hashnode.com) on your terminal, Ahoy! now you can.

Here is a quick sample

```
hashnode posts --trending

(0) [Look Inside] There are two kinds of developers in the world. Which one are you?
    A fun question - Which one are you?
(1) What do you do when you have no work at office?
    There's always a phase where we have no work assigned to us at the office. How do you best utilise the time?
(2) What should 'good communication skills' mean for a developer?
    We often hear that apart from technical skills companies also look for 'good communication skills' in a software developer. In your opinion, what are the attributes of someone h
(3) What are some good podcasts for developers?
    I personally listen to the followingCommand Line Heroes (by RedHat)Software Engineering DailyIRL (by Mozilla)Hanselminutes (by Scott Hanselman)Masters of scale with Reid Hoffman
(4) Need advice: How do you write tests?
    We've our Rest API server built on NodeJS and we've started to implement "test".Our app consists of a lot of DB calls (mostly using ORM), API calls to FB and other 3rd party ser
(q) Quit
    Press to exit
```
## Installation
#### Linux
    curl -L https://github.com/Hashnode/hashnode-cli/releases/download/v0.1.6/hashnode-linux-amd64.tar.gz -o hashnode.tar.gz

```
tar xvf hashnode.tar.gz
chmod +x hashnode
sudo mv ./hashnode /usr/local/bin/hashnode
```
#### MacOS
`brew install hashnode/tap/hashnode`
    
### Windows:

Download from [GitHub](https://github.com/Hashnode/hashnode-cli/releases) and add the binary to your PATH.

### Go
Installing using go get pulls from the master branch with the latest development changes.

    go get -u github.com/hashnode/hashnode-cli

Commit message:

Add demo, update curl command

README.md, after:


# Hashnode CLI

Wanted to get [hashnode](https://hashnode.com) on your terminal, Ahoy! now you can.

Here is a quick sample

```
hashnode stories --hot

(0) Download Monitoring: A Cross-Browser Story
    PreambleWhen you want to implement something in a cross-browser way, you are in for a ride down the bugtracker hole. After some ex
(1) How IDE is a blessing for beginners
    Quite recently I came across the post  IDE - The beginner's trap. It's a must a read, good article by YounesButI can't agree to it
(2) HTTP request with ES6 tagged templates
    ES6 template literals are one of my favorite features in es6. A few days ago I saw an open source project on github - htm, there a
(3) Benefits of Progressive Web Applications (PWAs) and How to Build One
    In this tutorial, we're going to build up the fundamentals on Progressive Web Applications (PWAs). I'll help you understand the pa
(4) The all-new Hashnode Chrome extension
    With the start of the new year, new team members, new features, and new product(s), we here at Hashnode are working hard to bring
(q) Quit
    Press to exit
```
## Installation
#### Linux
    curl -L https://github.com/Hashnode/hashnode-cli/releases/download/v0.1.6/hashnode-linux-amd64.tar.gz -o hashnode.tar.gz

```
tar xvf hashnode.tar.gz
chmod +x hashnode
sudo mv ./hashnode /usr/local/bin/hashnode
```
#### MacOS
`brew install hashnode/tap/hashnode`
    
### Windows:

Download from [GitHub](https://github.com/Hashnode/hashnode-cli/releases) and add the binary to your PATH.

### Go
Installing using go get pulls from the master branch with the latest development changes.

    go get -u github.com/hashnode/hashnode-cli
# Demo
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/221329.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/221329)
